This is a $100 million mega-mansion
and it's possibly
the most luxurious house
ever built by mankind.
And we're going to be comparing
living in this house
to living in this $69
million art house
that's built to withstand
a literal tsunami,
a $30 million palace
with its very own waterpark
and everything in between,
all the way down
to this $1 barely functioning house.
More of a shed.
Well, it's only a dollar.
Why does this house cost a dollar?
Yeah, we get another storm, it's
probably going to go into the water.
So it's worth a dollar for me
just to get rid of it.
So you would say
this is a horrible investment for me?
- Yes, indeed.
- Let's do it.
Let's go.
This is sketchy.
What are the odds I fall through?
Pretty high.
Bro, these are wobbly.
I like how that chair is just
like holding on for dear life.
We have a recliner, a mattress
and half a floor.
I can literally fish
from inside of the house.
Yo, I caught one.
That's just the lure. I'm sorry.
Now that you see us having fun,
do you regret selling it?
I do not.
What if I gave you $2 to buy
back off me?
- No.
- Alright, I tried.
I have an idea.
Let's get out of this house.
Later in this video,
we have a house that cost
100 million times more than this.
And because I never plan on setting
foot in this worthless shack again...
Let's head
over to something a little nicer.
Speaking of which, we're
at the million dollar house,
which technically means you need to be
a millionaire to buy this house.
Let's show you
how a millionaire lives.
My first impression
is it's way bigger than my house.
When you pay $1,000,000,
you get a pretty good sized kitchen,
along with four bedrooms
that look normal.
But they keep going
because this bedroom has a closet
here which leads into a bathroom
that's bigger than the $1 house.
The bathtub is gigantic.
I'm six foot five and I can fit
in this perfectly comfortable.
And even though the bathrooms
are all stocked with bidets
Oh God!
The best seat in
the house is definitely downstairs.
Oh snap! They have a movie theater.
Dude, these chairs are massage
chairs.
Wait, what?
These chairs each
have two remotes.
Two remotes!
On top of the movie theater,
there's also an arcade.
I was not expecting
all these features for $1 million.
This house is awesome.
I'd have so much more friends.
If I owned a place like this
and ending with the pool,
which comes complete
with this unnecessary waterfall.
Overall, I'd say this is a
pretty fun house to live in.
But of course we're all here
to see the richest of the rich.
And that's why up next,
we have these $15 million...
$15 million house.
Wait, you pushed it?
Oh, my God.
Jeez, man...
I don't belong here.
This looks like the house
that you tried to get to in GTA.
That view is crazy.
The pool is much smaller
than the $1 million house,
but you can literally oversee
all of L.A.
Help!
Hey! Help!
Stop. Stop.
Go inside.
I need new friends.
Let's check out the house.
The person who owns this house.
What do you think
he does for a living?
NFTs
He's a lawyer.
This guy was the top attorney in 2017
and the number one lawyer in 2021.
Apparently, that's all
it takes to afford this house.
It appears a note was left for us.
Dear MrBeast, thank
you for visiting my home.
You have given me the ultimate gift.
I have a trump card with my kids
forever.
Also, please don't eat
any of the sandwiches.
They are very sacred to me
and my family's been passing it down
from generation to generation.
Got it.
- Down or up?
- Down.
Down it is.
Okay, now it's starting to look nice.
The lower floor of this mansion
comes with its very own movie
theater and personal gym.
This treadmill requires a passcode
to use.
Six, nine, six, nine.
It's not six, nine, six, nine.
A guest bedroom, an entertainment
area and a bar where the owner left us
a bunch of free food.
- Guys, before you eat anything.
- Yeah.
What if he left this out
so he could sue us for eating his...
Well, too late now, Karl ate it.
And an incredible underground
view of the swimming pool.
Yeah.
Nolan's trying to swim
in the background for the shot.
I don't think he realized
we stopped filming him.
Back again?
Yeah, do it one more time.
And now a master bedroom
with another crazy view.
Karl, come here.
You missed.
We got another one.
You missed again.
Oh wait! Nolan, stop it!
Nolan, stop this cushion also.
Stop throwing cushions.
If it goes over the edge he might sue me.
And so to avoid being handed court
papers, we decided to fly all the way
across the country to Massachusetts
for the $30 million dollar house.
This extraordinary 16 bedroom
estate has four different buildings.
In the main house.
There are multiple living rooms,
but this one is the best
of the living rooms in this property.
This is grand.
- What is this?
- The Oval Office.
What book would you expect here
besides The Way To Wealth by Benjamin
Franklin
Bro made the light bulb and a book?
Well, Edison made the light bulb.
Not Ben Franklin.
What the hell did
Ben Franklin do?
I'm going to read this book.
Past the living room in the office
was the Grand Kitchen where
the owner had left a little gift for us.
The owner of this place.
got rich making candles.
So he made us
custom MrBeast candles.
That one smells like the beach.
It does.
How do they put the beach in a candle?
And to top off the house's
main building,
Chandler discovered that...
You can hit golf
balls off the roof.
Fore!
That's not even close to
the coolest thing about this place,
because next door
is a garage filled with exotic cars.
This looks like a garage
out of a video game.
They got Lamborghinis
on top of Lamborghinis.
It's like a candy store for adults.
The best part is
this is just one of two car garages.
- Follow me.
- There's more?
Bro, there's more cars in here
than the other one.
Holy crap!
All right, now I am convinced if
we steal a car, he would not notice.
How do you even buy these cars?
Hey, I want three of the same ones.
It's like a full time job
to buy this many cars.
There's stairs in the corner.
Let's see where they go.
Bro, this is like a
closet with cars.
Underneath the car garage
is another army of cars.
They should really invest in a light
switch down here.
They have 20 cars down here,
but no lights.
- Did I...?
- No way!
No.
No way!
That's
why there wasn't a light switch.
I was like,
who can afford to shove 30 cars
in their basement
but not electricity?
Now, don't get me wrong,
all of the rooms
in this house
have been awesome so far.
But if I owned it, I don't think
I'd ever leave this next building.
This is awesome.
That's right.
For some just ungodly reason,
whoever built this place thought
it would be a good idea to install an
entire indoor tennis court.
I just want to remind you that
we are playing tennis inside a house.
I also have no idea how to play
tennis.
Gang squad, follow me.
What?
No way!
Two story arcade.
The arcade in this house
is actually 20 times bigger
than the one at the $1 million house.
But that's not all.
Bro, this place literally has everything.
All right, I'm never leaving.
We're playing ping pong
in a basketball court, in a house.
First try, baby!
Now, all of the features of the $30
million house have been pretty cool.
But this next room is
what makes this place truly special.
Head up these stairs
for the best part of the estate.
What you really want to see is
right over here, look at this.
This is an indoor waterpark.
It's like a whole new world in here.
Look how far back the drone is
and it's still going.
Go have fun,
but don't break anything.
Roger that.
We're all about to go down
the slide together.
We're going to enjoy the waterpark.
I'll see you at the next house.
The only bad news is it's once again
across the entire country.
The good news is it's a $45
million mega-mansion.
- What!
- Oh, my gosh.
This is like the most open house
I've ever been in.
What?
I don't know what majestic thing
this is, but it's beautiful.
As you can probably tell,
these houses
are starting to get so expensive,
I don't even know how
to describe them anymore.
Honestly, lost for words.
This is quite possibly the most
beautiful thing I've ever seen.
So I called in multi-billionaire
Mark Cuban to help us out.
- How's it going?
- Hey!
- How's it going, little man?
- Nice to meet you.
Mark's also the proud owner of
the Dallas Mavericks basketball team.
And because this house
has its very own basketball court,
you can imagine
we got a little distracted.
- Jimmy won't make it!
- Buckets!
Just steal it from Karl.
Hit that.
- No shot.
- We get those.
Yeah, that's it.
Go, go, go, go, go.
Easy lay bud
Yeah.
There we go. Jake's play wins.
All you. Hit it. Game winner.
Oh, no.
Yeah!
Way to dominate, Jakers.
Now, we're going to show Mark
around the rest of the house,
Now that we're all sweating.
To find out if he thought it was worth
the steep $45 million price.
In case you're wondering,
we didn't go swimming.
It looks like I did go swimming.
- How much do they want for this house?
- 45.
- Not worth it?
- Because it's Brentwood.
That's probably half of it.
Is Brentwood what that is?
No, the neighborhood.
I also thought he was talking
about the wood in the house.
That's funny.
This bathroom over here, it's nice.
Do you have a couch in your bathroom?
- Yes.
- Oh really?
Yeah.
Okay. We need to get on Mark's level.
The number one rule is, you have to
have a heated seat.
That's it?
- That feeling when you sit down...
- And it is not cold?
I agree.
You don't need to make billions
to be happy.
You just need to be able to afford
a bidet and a heated toilet seat.
Cause that's where I spend
most of my time.
Well, even though I'm sure Mark
would love to spend more time
here on the toilets,
our time here is officially ran out.
And so I'll see you guys
at the next house.
Up next, we have a house
whose price point happens
to be my favorite number.
And now we are at the $69 million
mansion.
That looks like a villain owns it.
It does look villainous.
How's this compare to your house, Miranda?
It's a lot bigger than mine.
That can't be sure.
What's your address?
The reason why this weird looking
house can still go on the market
for $69 million
is because it's filled to the brim
with priceless art and sculptures
sourced from all around the world.
Throw up
how much these artworks are worth
and we're going to try to guess it.
How much do you think this is worth?
I'm going to say 100,000.
- What do you think, Miranda?
- I'm going to go with 80.
Oh, she has one of these in her house.
Yeah. I have the same one.
Only you know the actual price.
Oh, actually,
this one will be a fun one.
I'm going to go with $1,000,000
because it's like right down
the opening stairs, so...
$450,000
- Very precise.
- Very specific.
The $30 million house
had a waterpark, a hundred cars.
This place just has artwork.
Big red sculpture.
This room over here,
we promised them 30 times
we wouldn't touch what's in it.
Come over here.
No touching anything, what is it?
This is a one of one
fully analog custom home sound system
made by the creator of the Walkman,
which was one of the first devices
that allowed you to listen to music
while walking.
That's an impressive thing
to have under your belt.
To have made the Walkman.
I don't think you could fit this
under your belt.
Let's traverse across the skywalk.
Oh, my God. I'm excited.
Another reason
this house is built so strange.
For example, having to walk across
SkyBridge is to get anywhere
is because it's
been meticulously built
to be able to withstand
the force of a real tsunami.
I mean, you got to admit,
that's pretty cool.
You can see the tsunamis before
they hit your house and you stop them.
What completes
the view is the neighbor's backyard.
You can see all of it.
What if the man who lives here
is secretly in love
with the person that lives next door?
That's his ex girlfriend.
It's a Romeo and Juliet.
And after checking out
the last two rooms inside,
I had a surprise
waiting for us outside.
Look over there.
What?
Deez nuts.
Did you guys even notice
the planes drawing that?
No.
How on earth did they do that?
I paid these planes
and also about a thousand billboards
all across America
to let everyone know
that Feastables is the best
tasting chocolate you can buy.
Stop eating Hershey's and other boomer
brand's, Feastables is modern chocolate.
Also, because halloween is coming up
in all these retailers
you see here, we're now
selling these bags
of these smaller pieces bars
so you can give them out during trick
or treating.
If you don't want to be lame
on Halloween,
make sure you give away
Feastables to trick-or-treaters.
Luckily,
our candy is pretty affordable,
but you know what's not so affordable?
The final house,
or should I say
the $139 million
arguably most luxurious house on the
planet Mega-Mansion
This massive
36,000 square foot mansion has things
you never see in any other house,
from a nightclub to a T-Rex
to an entire robotic car elevator.
This place is going to blow your mind
and to make this house tour
extra special,
we brought Justin Timberlake.
How you guys doing?
And this is Justin's house
and he's going to show us around.
No.
Holy crap!
Have you ever seen a view
better than this in your life?
- This is gorgeous.
- Yeah, man, you guys really...
The CGI is perfect, it looks real.
He's like, "Yeah, maybe it's top 10."
I'll put it top five.
It's hard to describe
just how big this mansion really is.
It has 12 bedrooms and 17 bathrooms
split across three massive
stories, all with a perfect view
of the Los Angeles skyline.
I always judge a house
by the kitchen, minimalist kitchen.
You judge these things.
How are you feeling?
Well, let's keep going.
At the end of the tour,
we'll get his opinion on
if he would pay $100 million.
He has it on standby if he likes it.
Straight cash, homie.
Everything in this house is built
out of the most expensive materials
on the planet.
For example, the walls in this room
are constructed entirely out of rare
marble, imported straight from Italy.
You guys got to get an estimate
or something
on how much marble
is actually in this house.
I mean, that's a
that's like custom done.
Yeah, there's not a single thing
of drywall in this entire house.
Drywall?
This is a pretty sick chandelier.
This chandelier is over $1,000,000.
And the ceiling
literally started dipping
because it weighs
so many thousands of pounds.
It really keeps going.
You didn't tell me it was a million.
I was playing with it earlier.
There is literally $6 million
of just chandeliers in this house
and the rooms on the bottom floor
get even better.
There's a whole other house
down here.
If you come over here...
Dude, this is literally an ice room.
- This is where you lock me in?
- No.
Please don't.
So, what do you do in here?
They ran out of room ideas.
Probably a 50%
chance we're locked in here
because that doesn't have a handle.
Oh, no. We're good.
That would have been funny if we were
His face.
Is that a real dinosaur?
Now that you know the house has a
dinosaur, are you more apt to buy it?
I'm still on the fence.
What?
Is this a locker room?
No one currently owns this house,
so they put nametags
of the few people
on the planet
that can actually afford it.
Warren Buffett's worth like 80 billion,
Ellison's worth, like 50 billion.
Bezos Like 100 billion.
Chandler, why is your name not up here?
All right, let's check out the whips.
- Nolan, are you just posing?
- I'll just be sitting here.
You really match the house.
Thank you.
I was going for that, I was going for that.
Job well done.
Nolan's going to go in the editing room
and clip that.
This $2.5 million car elevator
is one of the most insane
features in the whole house.
You select which car
you want to drive on the tablet,
and it literally sends it up
two floors right into the garage.
I know what you're thinking.
The main problem with
this is it only stores
- Six Lamborghinis and...
- Yeah...
You needed like a ten car storage.
Right.
This house also had the by far
biggest home theater
I've ever seen in my life.
This almost looks
like a real movie theater.
This is the best movie
theater so far.
And they're actually reclining
chairs.
It only costs
100 mil for that.
Check it out, Jimmy.
Wait, press my massage button.
I got you.
Hey! I don't need this
Bro, where's my button?
My chair's not even doing that.
Here, switch. Let me see.
Yeah, Chandler test the massage feature.
Oh, my god, it works.
No way this is just the only one here.
Man. This is great.
Bro, what is wrong with them?
All right, lead the way upstairs.
This is a primary bedroom over here.
Oh, and then over here.
The bathrooms.
In case you've ever
wanted to shower with ten people.
Now you can.
That's my thing, man.
You can take a bath with no one.
And basically all yourself
but showering.
You can fit an army in there.
- If that's what you're into.
- He is.
And now the best part of the house
over at the pool.
The real reason this house cost
so much.
I'm pressing it.
Is this a screen?
It is absurdly large.
And slow.
- It gives drama, though.
- It is. Exactly.
It gives a dramatic effect.
I mean...
It's a little bit of a flex.
What a gorgeous view of L.A.
Yeah. Imagine
this screensaver was L.A.
I think it is.
There's downtown L.A.
and there's downtown L.A.
For reference, Karl is
like six foot five.
Yeah, something like that.
Give or take
And look
how tall the TV is compared to him.
All right, Justin,
you've seen the whole house.
We need to know.
Obviously, you have $100 million
in cash sitting outside.
Right.
Are you going to buy the house?
- Nolan's shirt comes with it.
- You don't like my shirt?
- Your shirt comes with it?
- Yeah.
I'm in. Does the bear that
ripped up the shirt come with it?
Oh, no!
Let's go!
- Wait, wait.
- Why?
I hope you guys enjoyed it
I'll see you around.